Add Real64 extension (#55)
ETC-A/etca-spec: extensions/mode-control-register.md

# Overview

This document describes the mode control register in a centralized location so that other extensions which use it can refer to a single document
instead of duplicating it between all relevant extensions. The mode control register adds a new concept of _modes_ to the ISA. Modes are used to
control things about the processor state which are binary-incompatible - that is, code written for a mode other than the mode the
processor is actually in will almost certainly behave incorrectly.

# Modes

CR `1 0001`, equivalently `cr17` or "the MODE control register," holds a value indicating the current
_mode_ of the processor. This has an initial value of `0`.

## Base Mode (Real 16-bit Address Mode)

The mode described by [the base isa](../../base-isa.md) is known as the
Base mode. In that mode, pointers are 16 bits and there is no virtual memory, paging, or memory protection.
Base mode is indicated by a value of 0 in `cr17`.

## Real n-bit Address Mode

In this mode, all addresses are treated as being `n` bits long. Addresses always refer to their sign extension to the highest supported address size.

> Entering this mode from a lower n-bit address mode _must_ preserve the program counter. Returning to a lower n-bit address mode must preserve the program

Reviewer: lower => smaller?

> counter _if possible_ - if the current program counter interpreted as the lower n-bit Address would not refer to the same location, then the behavior of

Reviewer: There were two uses of "lower"... sometimes github's UI for indicating things like this is frustrating :(

Author: Looks like there are 3 and I missed one. Fixed now.

the system is _unspecified_.

# Address Extension Table

| Mode CR Value | Address Size | Extension                                                   |
|---------------|--------------|-------------------------------------------------------------|
| 0             | 16 bit       | [Base ISA](../base-isa.md)                                  |
| 2             | 32 bit       | [Real 32-bit Address Space](32-bit-address-space/README.md) |
| 4             | 64 bit       | [Real 64-bit Address Space](64-bit-address-space/README.md) |

# Interactions With Other Extensions

Other extensions mention "address modes", in particular when deciding what a particular value
should mean or how many bytes an immediate should be.

| Address Size | Address Mode |
|--------------|--------------|
| 16 bit       | word         |
| 32 bit       | doubleword   |
| 64 bit       | quadword     |

If the system supports [privilege levels](../privileged-mode/), then `cr17` is only writable when in system privilege mode.

> # Recommendations

Reviewer 2: I would guess this section still best belongs into the individual extensions? Since later extensions make it potentially obsolete. Otherwise the wording should be changed slightly.

Author: Why would the privilege-ness of the control register be better in each extension?

Reviewer 2: Sorry, wrong segment selection. I mean the recommendations section.

> This extension does not _require_ behaviors beyond what is specified. However, for compatibility with future

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These extensions do not _require_ behaviors beyond what is specified. However, for compatibility with future
```
